Improve test strategy on claude.md (#11270)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: AGENTS.md

- **Formatting**: google-java-format enforced via Spotless. Run `./gradlew spotlessApply` before committing.
- **Instrumentation layout**: `dd-java-agent/instrumentation/{framework}/{framework}-{minVersion}/`
- **Instrumentation pattern**: Type matching → Method matching → Advice class (bytecode advice, not AOP)
- **Test frameworks**: JUnit 5 always; **do not write new Groovy/Spock tests**

> - **Groovy migration**: When adding a test case to an existing `.groovy` test file, migrate the whole file to JUnit 5 Java first (use the `/migrate-groovy-to-java` skill)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Test frameworks**: Always use JUnit 5. **Do not write new Groovy / Spock tests** and migrate the existing one to JUnit 5.
```

Reviewer 2: To add on, maybe:

"...and migrate the target test file to JUnit 5 if it is written in Groovy."

to be more specific

Author: added in 965550fbca

Reviewer: Thanks for the follow up changes!
